**What is happening?**

CHG0044509 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q1 Patching - Manual Image Prune, ETCD Defrag, iSCSI LIF addition and Trident Upgrade

CHG0044513 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.11.18

These two changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production SILVER cluster from Openshift 4.10 to 4.11.

**When?**

CHG0044509 will commence at 6:00am on Sunday January 22nd

CHG0044513 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.11.18 will commence at 9:00am on Monday January 23rd. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

CHG0044509 will involve removing some old images and defragmenting the ETCD database. Image tags that are not currently in use by a pod or deployment and are older than 14 days will be pruned from the registry completely. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The iSCSI LIF addition should be entirely transparent to users. The Trident upgrade may cause a brief window where new storage cannot be allocated, expected to be under 5 minutes. It will not impact existing storage.

CHG0044513 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after Openshift upgrade for firmware. 

**There are a few items to note about this upgrade that could cause issues for some workloads.**

- The first is a change in how Openshift deals with Security Context Constraints (SCCs). It is possible that some workloads may be categorized as the new type 'restricted-v2' this can cause some pods/workloads to fail. We will be mitigating this by adding a new rolebinding which will allow pods to run using the legacy SCC 'restricted' if necessary. To make use of the legacy SCC after the core of the Openshift 4.11 upgrade is finished, additional annotation will need to be injected into the affected workloads. To make use of this legacy SCC on a per-workload basis, add the following annotation to enable `allowPrivilegeEscalation` which will force Openshift to match the older "restricted" SCC versus the newer "restricted-v2" SCC:

    ```console
    spec:
    ...
      containers:
    ...
        securityContext:
          allowPrivilegeEscalation: true
    ```

    It is strongly advised to not make this change unless workloads appear to be breaking without any further explanation as to why. Once the Openshift 4.11 upgrade is completed, we will be auditing all cases where this additional annotation was added and seeing what is being done to address this as it's currently expected that very little if any workloads will actually break.

- Another item of potential concern involves the use of configmaps to store executable scripts. In Openshift 4.11 the usual permissions may not be sufficient to allow execution of these scripts. In such a situation, it is normal to have a setting to set the mode of the script as mounted into the container from the configmap.

    Before:

    ```console
    configMap:
    ...
      defaultMode: 0744
    ```

    After:

    ```console
    configMap:
    ...
      defaultMode: 0754
    ```

    This specific change does not need to wait for the Openshift 4.11 upgrade to be successful, so can be applied prior to the Openshift 4.11 upgrades in the production clusters.

- There's a known issue with api changes in the `oc` client for 4.11 . In the past the 4.10 oc client would automatically fix errors like using v1 for the API definition. Using non-groupfied API resources has been removed from the 4.11 oc client and will no longer automatically fix these issues.

- LegacyServiceAccountTokenNoAutoGeneration is on by default. As a result, when creating new service accounts (SA), a service account token secret is no longer automatically generated. If you need a service account token secret, you must manually use the TokenRequest API to request bound service account tokens or create a service account token secret.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
