**What is happening?**

Migrate NEW SIS (The Secure Internet Service) Firewalls from OLD WAN R01 to New Arista Switches in Calgary and Kamloops

Other tickets references:
- TIB [KB0031869](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin.do?sys_id=34d5585bdb480550fa86193813961968)
- MySC CHG0047385
- theHUB CHG0032439

One firewall will be migrated at a time, Calgary FW first, Interior FW second. This has the potential to cause two disruptions to traffic of up to 15 minutes each while the new firewall is configured.

This will cause two brief disruptions to Internet traffic for all servers and applications hosted in the data centers when traffic is failed over from one datacentre to the other.

**When?**

January 30 2022 between 4:00am – 9:00am

- Calgary SiS Start around 4:05am

- Interior(Kamloops) SiS Start around 5:34am

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be two brief disruptions to Internet traffic through the SIS firewalls. This is expected to occur between 4:00am – 5:15am when traffic is failed over from Calgary to the Interior STMS Data Centre firewall, and again between 5:30am – 6:35am when traffic is failed over from the Interior to Calgary STMS Data Centre firewall.

During the disruptions access to applications hosted on the platform will be impacted as well as access from the platform to the internet. Builds that pull packages from the internet will be unsuccessful during this time.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Clients are encouraged to test their services and validate that applications are functioning during the change window.

A testing conference call will be open at 4:00am and client testing is expected to be available starting at 5:10am (Calgary) and 6:30am (Interior). See the [KB0031869](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin.do?sys_id=34d5585bdb480550fa86193813961968) for the link to join the MS Teams meeting.

If your application has issues please report in [#devops-operations](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/devops-operations) the URL of your application, the namespace the application is in, and which cluster the application is hosted on (Silver, Gold, etc).

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).