**What is happening?**
CHG0032795 (MySC CHG0047762) STMS NET - SIS - Optimize RAD services for the SIS Check Point firewalls

This change involves the Network team making configuration changes to both the Kamloops and Calgary SiS firewalls during the change window. These changes when applied may result in a small disruption to open network connections between the Openshift clusters and the outside Internet.

**When?**

This Sunday morning (February 6th 2022) between 6:00am and 9:00am PST. The current estimate is that the actual work will take place between 6:00am and 7:00am, and for each SiS change, result in a potential disruption of one minute or less.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to running workloads on any of the Openshift clusters, nor disruptive to network connections to other infrastructure within the same data center. Each SiS firewall will be restarted in turn after changes are made and result in a possible one minute disruption for each restart. Open web connections can be refreshed to deal with this potential disruption.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
