**What is happening?**
CHG0034756 - MCS SILVER - 2022 Q1 Patching - Complete Upgrade to OCP 4.8

This change will complete the Openshift upgrade which originally started in February 2022 but had to be paused due to a number of concerns regarding application and node stability. Solutions and/or work-arounds have since been presented for those issues, and we thus need to complete the cluster upgrade.

**When?**

CHG0034756 will commence at 9:00am PST on Monday March 7th 2022. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Workloads will be drained as cluster nodes are drained and upgraded, thus it will be crucial that developers monitor both their applications during the established time (9am-5pm each busness day) for the state of their applications, as well as possible communications from Platform Operations team members in the event that a PodDisruptionBudget needs to be resolved so as to ensure cluster updates can resume.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
