**What is happening?**

CHG0046182 - CITZ - GOLDDR - Priority update to DNS configuration for the cluster.

This is a workaround fix in response to a recent DNS server upgrade which is returning incorrect results for failed IPV6 DNS queries. It has already been placed successfully in the SILVER and GOLD Openshift clusters. This RFC will address the GOLDDR cluster.

**When?**

March 2nd 2023 after 9:00am PST. The work involved should be completed within an hour of this start time.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact or risk to running workloads. This work forces a refrsh of each Openshift node's DNS configuration so that new DNS servers are used. 
**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps should continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
