**What is happening?**

CHG0034912 - STMS NET - SiS - Apply RAD scaling hotfix on both firewalls
CHG0035167 - STMS NET - F5 Load Balancer upgrade for Kamloops GOLD Openshift cluster

These changes involve several network updates/change. The first change involves the SiS firewall which involves traffic going to and from all of our Openshift clusters to the outside Internet. The second change involves maintenance for the F5 load balancer used specifically for the GOLD Openshift cluster.

**When?**

This Sunday (March 20th 2022) from 6am to 9am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

For CHG0034912, Open network connections between Openshift clusters and the outside internet may experience a brief disruption twice (once when we fail network traffic to one firewall, and once when we fail the traffic back to the original firewall).

For CHG0035167, open network connections outside the involved cluster might be reset and need to be re-established after F5 fail-over is performed (this happens twice).

For both changes, Apps not relying on external connnectivity will not be impacted.

**Do I need to do anything?**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
