**What is happening?**

CHG0024286 CITZ - SILVER OCP4 - Revert Kube Controller workaround for API access before next COVID load test

After a number of services improvements/fixes involving the SILVER Openshift cluster (removing Aporeto, upgrading Openshift, patching the F5), we need to roll back a work-around implemented last week which stabilized API queries but at the cost of full redundancy. 

The issue experienced last week had immediate symptoms, which if seen again during this change, will result in us performing an immediate roll-back of the change to ensure stability of the cluster as well as provide valuable feedback for the original issue at hand.


**When?**

Starting at Tuesday March 23rd at 09:00 am PDT for approximately 1 hour (including roll-back if needed).

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**
There should be no impact to running pods/apps. Consumption of API services will not be disrupted, moving from the Kube master controller pod talking to the local API pod on the master node, to talking to the API service using the F5 VIP.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
