**What is happening?**

CITZ - SILVER/GOLD/GOLDDR/EMERALD - Update node DNS server list to maximize redundancy.

Our four managed production Openshift clusters next week (Monday through Thursday) will have DNS server IP addresses updated to roll back a previous change that worked around a discovered issue affecting IPv6 DNS resolution. This batch of RFCs will revert this change back to the original offering full redundancy regarding primary and secondary DNS.

No disruption to workloads involved here - each node will have its list of DNS server IP addresses refreshed.

**When?**

For the following list of dates, all RFCs have a start time of 9:00am PDT.

- SILVER cluster: CHG0046919 on March 27th 2023 (Monday)
- GOLD cluster: CHG0046922 on March 28th 2023 (Tuesday)
- GOLDDR cluster: CHG0046923 on March 29th 2023 (Wednesday)
- EMERALD cluster: CHG0046924 on March 30th 2023 (Thursday)

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to running applications, though application owners should still monitor their apps for the duration of each RFC change window (one hour or less to implement).

**Do I need to do anything?**

As usual, monitor your applications to ensure they handle any pod moves and recover properly.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
