**What is happening?**

CHG0046718 - STMS NET - CAL - BGP Migration - Cut over to the new Equinix Connect (Bandwidth)

The vendor responsible for the Calgary Data center will be cutting over to replace network equipment responsible for providing connectivity to/from services hosted in Calgary. This involves the Openshift GOLDDR cluster, who will see two small disruptions during the change window. One for failing over Calgary connectivity to Kamloops network requipment, and one to fail bac to the replacement Calgary equipment.

Workloads hosted in GOLDDR will continue to run, but open connections to/from workloads in GOLDDR might be reset during the fail-over events and require reconnecting.

**When?**

April 16th 2023 (Sunday) starting at 6:00am PDT. Change window could last until 9:00am PDT, but the current expectation is that impactful changes will be completed within the first hour.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This does not affect workloads running in Openshift clusters residing in Kamloops (SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD) but might affect connectivity between workloads hosted in Kamloops that are trying to talk to GOLDDR-hosted workloads. Workloads hosted on GOLDDR which are not reliant on data or connections to workloads outside of GOLDDR should be fine as well.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor applications hosted on GOLDDR or data replication between workloads hosted on GOLD and GOLDDR in case the fail-over events affect this connectivity.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
