**What is happening?**

CHG0046716 - STMS NET - INT - BGP Migration - Cut over to the new Equinix Connect (Bandwidth)

The vendor responsible for the Calgary Data center will be cutting over to replace network equipment responsible for providing connectivity to/from services hosted in Kamloops. This involves the Openshift `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` clusters, who will see two small disruptions during the change window. One for failing over Kamloops connectivity to Calgary network equipment, and one to fail back to the replacement Kamloops equipment.

Workloads hosted in `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` will continue to run, but open connections to/from workloads in `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` might be reset during the fail-over events and require reconnecting.

**When?**

April 26th 2023 (Thursday) starting at 2:30am PDT. Change window could last until 5:30am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This does not affect workloads running in Openshift clusters residing in Calgary (GOLDDR) but might affect connectivity between workloads hosted in Calgary that are trying to talk to `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD`-hosted workloads. Workloads hosted on `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` which are not reliant on data or connections to workloads outside of `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` should be fine as well.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor applications hosted on `SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD` or data replication between workloads hosted on GOLD and GOLDDR in case the fail-over events affect this connectivity.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
