**What is happening?**

CHG0037038 STMS NET - F5 Load Balancer Hardware Refresh - INT OpenShift Silver
CHG0037051 STMS NET - F5 Load Balancer Hardware Refresh - INT OpenShift GOLD
CHG0037045 STMS NET - F5 Load Balancer Hardware Refresh - CAL OpenShift GOLD DR

The F5 Load Balancers that all OpenShift network traffic flows through are being upgraded.

**When?**

Sundays from 6am to 9am PDT.

- Silver May 8th
- Gold May 15th
- Gold DR June 12th

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The affected load balancer traffic will be briefly interrupted for up to five minutes during the migrations, while the virtual load balancers are moved to the new hardware. Active connections will be dropped and will need to be refreshed.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If you wish to test your Routes and any TransportServerClaims you have please join the client testing call on MS Teams at 6am. Same link for all the changes. [Click here to join the meeting](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_Mzg4N2ViZDItYmQ5MS00ZTI1LWFkNjgtNzJjMjU4NGRhOGRj%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%22712b635a-685f-43f7-8bec-38fdfdf857eb%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2267e77160-ff08-419e-bdbd-0e0b5d36e2d6%22%7d)

Be sure to have some baseline metrics for your testing to be able to know if the change is the cause of any performance issues.

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
