**What is happening?**

CHG0043436 - STMS NET - Upgrade Gateways to R81 - Secure Internet Service (SIS) Firewalls

The SiS Firewall Gateways in both the Kamloops and Calgary data centers require upgrades to be applied. This will involve failing over network connectivity between each data centre (in/out to the public Internet) to allow work on each SiS gateway.

The upgrade process will affect Internet-bound traffic as follows:
- Traffic in Calgary will be failed over to Kamloops, thus possibly affecting traffic to/from GOLDDR. This will allow the Calgary SiS to be upgraded.
- Traffic in Kamloops will be failed over to Calgary, thus possibly affecting traffic to/from SILVER, GOLD, GOLDDR and EMERALD. This will allow the Kamloops SiS to be upgraded.
- Traffic in Calgary belonging to Kamloops will be failed back over to Kamloops, thus possibly affecting traffic to/from SILVER, GOLD and EMERALD. 

The time required for a BGP fail-over may vary, but is normally takes several minutes or less.

**When?**

May 28th 2023 (Sunday) starting at 4:00am PDT. Change window could last until 12:00pm PDT if a roll-back is required, but expected to be finished before 8:30am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This will not have an impact on the ability for already-running workloads to continue running. Connectivity which involves access to resources on the Internet will be affected during fail-over events.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor applications in case the fail-over events affect connectivity between clients and hosted workloads.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
