**What is happening?**

CHG0048445 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q2 Patching - Manual Image Prune, Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and Trident Upgrade

CHG0048444 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q2 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.12.14

These two changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production SILVER cluster from Openshift 4.11 to 4.12.

**When?**

CHG0048445 will commence at 6:00am on Sunday May 28th

CHG0048444 - MCS SILVER - 2023 Q2 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.12.14 will commence at 9:00am on Monday May 28th. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

CHG0048445 will involve removing some old images and defragmenting the ETCD database. Image tags that are not currently in use by a pod or deployment and are older than 14 days will be pruned from the registry completely. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The iSCSI LIF addition should be entirely transparent to users. The Trident upgrade may cause a brief window where new storage cannot be allocated, expected to be under 5 minutes. It will not impact existing storage.

 CHG0048444 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after Openshift upgrade for firmware. 

**There are a few items to note about this upgrade that could cause issues for some workloads:**

- <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-25>

There are a number of Kubernetes resources affected by this upcoming upgrade, but most of them do not apply to people performing development work for applications hosted inside Openshift. The applicable resources can be broken down into three specific Kubernetes resources.

### CronJob
<https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#cronjob-v125>

- API version changes from `v1beta1` to `v1`.
- Above link details changes regarding how the CronJob contents are defined.

### HorizontalPodAutoscaler
<https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#horizontalpodautoscaler-v125>

- API version changes from `v2beta1` to `v2`.
- No other changes to note.

### PodDisruptionBudget
<https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#poddisruptionbudget-v125>

- API version changes from `v1beta1` to `v1`
- Notable changes in policy/v1: An empty spec.selector ({}) written to a policy/v1 PodDisruptionBudget selects all pods in the namespace (in policy/v1beta1 an empty spec.selector selected no pods). An unset spec.selector selects no pods in either API version.

## How to Check Your Application for API Compatibility Issues

### Audit existing Manifest content
If any of your application's manifest is stored as YAML or JSON, then you can search your manifest files yourself to first look for matches against Kubernetes resource types of `Cronjob`, `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` or `PodDisruptionBudget` and an API version of `v1beta1` or `v2beta1`.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).