**What is happening?**

CHG0048672 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - SILVER
CHG0048673 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLD
CHG0048674 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLDDR

Starting after 6:00am PDT for each RFC, the mentioned RFCs will involve the DXCAS Storage Team upgrading the OS on each of the Production NetApp appliances as follows.

The upgrade process for each NetApp appliance is done in a highly-available fashion, thus no disruptions to storage services for each involved Openshift cluster is expected. The Platform Operations team will work with the Storage team to ensure the success of each RFC, as well as investigate and report back if any issues involving storage provisioning is detected.

**When?**

- CHG0048672 (SILVER) to be upgraded on May 28th 2023.
- CHG0048673 (GOLD) to be upgraded on June 11th 2023.
- CHG0048674 (GOLDDR) to be upgraded on June 18th 2023.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This work will not affect either running workloads on the Openshift cluster, nor affect the ability to provision new PVCs.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
