**What is happening?**
CHG0037738 - MCS SILVER - 2022 Q2 Patching - Prepatory Steps for Openshift Upgrade
CHG0037743 - MCS SILVER - 2022 Q2 Patching - Upgrade to Openshift 4.9

These two changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production SILVER cluster from Openshift 4.8 to 4.9.

**When?**

CHG0037738 will commence at 6:00am on Sunday June 5th 2022.
CHG0037743 - MCS SILVER - 2022 Q2 Patching - Upgrade to Openshift 4.9 will commence at 9:00am on Monday June 6th 2022. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

CHG0037738 will only involve putting the internal registry into read-only mode, thus affecting new images being built to be saved. Existing images can still be accessed and no impact to existing workloads. This update will also involve the NetApp Trident pods, so it is possible automated storage provisioning during this window might delay or fail, but work when attempted again.

CHG0037743 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after Openshift upgrade for firmware.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app does not work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
