**What is happening?**

There are two upcoming network maintenance activities below;

- CHG0048846 - STMS NET - Calgary F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0

  - The vendor responsible for the **Calgary** Data center will be cutting over to replace network equipment responsible for providing connectivity to/from services hosted in Calgary. This involves the Openshift **GOLDDR** cluster, who will see two small disruptions during the change window. One for failing over Calgary connectivity to Kamloops network equipment, and one to fail back to the replacement Calgary equipment.

  - Workloads hosted in GOLDDR will continue to run, but open connections to/from workloads in GOLDDR might be reset during the fail-over events and require reconnecting.

- CHG0048848 - STMS NET - Interior F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0

  - The vendor responsible for the **Kamloops** Data center will be cutting over to replace network equipment responsible for providing connectivity to/from services hosted in Kamloops. This involves the Openshift **SILVER, GOLD and EMERALD** clusters, who will see two small disruptions during the change window. One for failing over Kamloops connectivity to Calgary network equipment, and one to fail back to the replacement Calgary equipment.

  - Workloads hosted in SILVER, GOLD and EMERALD will continue to run, but open connections to/from workloads in SILVER, GOLD and EMERALD might be reset during the fail-over events and require reconnecting.

**When?**

- CHG0048846 - STMS NET - Calgary F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0

  - **June 4th 2023 (Sunday) starting at 6:00am PDT**. Change window could last until 8:00am PDT, but the current expectation is that impactful changes will be completed within the first hour.

- CHG0048848 - STMS NET - Interior F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0

  - **June 11th 2023 (Sunday) starting at 6:00am PDT**. Change window could last until 8:00am PDT, but the current expectation is that impactful changes will be completed within the first hour.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

- CHG0048846 - STMS NET - Calgary F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0
  
  - This does not affect workloads running in Openshift clusters residing in Kamloops (SILVER, GOLD, EMERALD) but might affect connectivity between workloads hosted in Kamloops DC that are trying to talk to Calgary (GOLDDR) hosted workloads.
  - Workloads hosted on GOLDDR which are not reliant on data or connections to workloads outside of GOLDDR should be fine as well.

- CHG0048848 - STMS NET - Interior F5 load balancer R10900 Software upgrade to 1.5.0

  - This does not affect workloads running in OpenShift clusters residing in Calgary (GOLDDR) but might affect connectivity between workloads hosted in Calgary DC that are trying to talk to kamloops (SILVER,GOLD and EMERALD) workloads.
  - Workloads hosted on kamloops which are not reliant on data or connections to workloads outside of Kamloops should be fine as well.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor applications hosted on each openshift clusters or data replication between workloads hosted on GOLD and GOLDDR in case the fail-over events affect this connectivity.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
