**What is happening?**

CHG0048998 - CITZ - EMERALD - Prepare and Upgrade Openshift EMERALD cluster to v4.10.59

This change will apply the latest available minor version of Openshift v4.10 to the EMERALD cluster.

**When?**

This change will commence next Tuesday (June 6th 2023) starting after 9:00am PDT. The change should be done within one or two business days, but if needed, the change window is set to the following Friday at 4:00pm PDT (June 9th).

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This change will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
