**What is happening?**

CHG0038166 - STMS NET - SIS - Equinix Internet Service Maintenance

The vendor responsible for managing the network hardware allowing Internet access for all Openshift clusters will be performing a hardware upgrade during the specified change window (this Thursday evening to Friday morning). A small disruption involving Internet access to/from the Openshift clusters will be expected.

**When?**

This Thursday evening (June 23rd 2022) starting at 10:00pm PDT and concluding by Friday morning (June 24th 2022) at 5:00am PDT. The expected impact will be a maximum of 20 minutes sometime during that change window, but will likely be much less (the disruption involves BGP convergence as SiS traffic is failed over to other hardware).

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

During the BGP change to re-route traffic going to/from the Inetnet, both the Openshift clusters and applications hosted might experience a small disruption accessing the Internet. There will be no disruptions otherwise, the Openshift clusters will be able to access resources hosted on said clusters, and other resources hosted inside the data centres native to the Openshift clusters. 

The quoted 20 minutes of potential network disruption is a theoretical maximum for the BGP changes involved to converge, and most likely will be much faster (less than a minute).

**Do I need to do anything?**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
