**What is happening?**

CHG0038704 - MCS SILVER - Upgrade Logging stack to v5.4.2 per vendor request

Per request from vendor support, we will be upgrading the aggregate logging stack on the Openshift SILVER cluster from v5.4.1 to v5.4.2 this week.
 This will not impact running workloads, but during the course of the upgrade, use of Kibana for reviewing pod logs might be slower as the upgrade progresses.

**When?**

This Wednesday morning (June 29th 2022) starting after 9:00am PDT. The change window will last the entire business day, but actual time required is expected to only be several hours.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be no impact to runnning workloads on the SILVER cluster. This change will only affect developers making use of Kibana to view current/historic pod logs as the back-end Elasticsearch cluster catches up on missed shards during the upgrade.


**Do I need to do anything?**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
