
**What is happening?**

CHG0027891 - CITZ - SILVER OCP4 - Migrate additional INFRA VMs to newer ESXi cluster

As part of ongoing maintanance for VMWare-managed infrastructure, we need to migrate three VMs responsible for giving the Openshift 4 SILVER cluster more capacity for its ingress router pods over to a newer ESXi cluster.

This migration will take place outside of business hours to ensure reduced impact for open connections as each VM is migrated in turn.


**When?**

Starting Thursday July 15th 2021 starting at 6pm PDT and will take a maximum of one hour.


**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

As each of the three VMs are migrated, any established connections may be reset between the SILVER cluster and outside its network. New connection attempts will work via the remaining router pods.
Do monitor your apps and re-test after announcement of completion of the RFC to ensure apps are still functioning as expected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No direct action required. Do check your apps after this work is completed to ensure your app is running as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
