
**What is happening?**

CHG0050203 - STMS NET - CAL - Relocate hpasabcal5300lb21/22 physical load balancer pair to new location in datacentre

This change will migrate the location of the hardware nodes responsible for providing the GOLDDR F5 services within the data centre. Each node will be migrated one at a time, with the other node taking on the workload for GOLDDR F5 services.

**When?**

Starting on Wednesday July 26th @ 02:30 AM PDT and finishing by 05:30 AM.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to users is expected. Each F5 node failover event will momentarily disrupt open network connections, which might be detected by applications or monitoring solutions. A fresh network connection will address this.

For applications and services hosted on GOLD/GOLDDR, this will not affect at all connectivity to workloads on GOLD, but might temporarily affect the use of GOLDDR in terms of secondary services like database replication setup via `TransportServerClaim` configuration.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
