
**What is happening?**

STMS SIS Firewall Hardware Upgrade

The Secure Internet Service (SIS) firewalls in Calgary and the Interior STMS Data Centres will be cutover from the existing hardware to the new hardware environment.

Other tickets references:

- [MySC KB0031651](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&sys_id=afce1c4cdb0d7414fa86193813961931)
- MySC CHG0040049
- theHUB CHG0026611

The Secure Internet Service (SIS) handles traffic to/from the Public Internet to the STMS Data Centres' Hosted Services. The SIS firewalls will be replaced with new hardware one Data Centre at a time between 5:00am – 10:00am via RFC CHG0040049. 

This will cause two brief disruptions to Internet traffic for all servers and applications when traffic is failed over from one datacentre to the other.

**When?**

August 15 2021 between 5:00am – 10:00am

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be two brief disruptions to Internet traffic through the SIS firewalls. This is expected to occur between 5:00am – 5:20am when traffic is failed over from Calgary to the Interior STMS Data Centre firewall, and again between 7:00am – 7:20am when traffic is failed over from the Interior to Calgary STMS Data Centre firewall.

During the disruptions access to applications hosted on the platform will be impacted as well as access from the platform to the internet. Builds that pull packages from the internet will be unsuccessful during this time.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Clients are encouraged to test their services and validate that applications are functioning during the change window.

A testing conference call will be open at 5:00am and client testing is expected to be available starting at 5:30am (Calgary) and 7:30am (Interior). See the [TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&sys_id=afce1c4cdb0d7414fa86193813961931) for the link to join the MS Teams meeting.

If your application has issues please report in [#devops-operations](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/devops-operations) the URL of your application, the namespace the application is in, and which cluster the application is hosted on (Silver, Gold, etc).

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
