
**What is happening?**

AdvSol CHG0039689 / MySC CHG0054697 STMS NET - INT - Load Balancer Firmware Rollback - Complete Fail Over Testing

As follow-up on a failed RFC earlier this morning which attempted to apply vendor-recommended firmware upgrades to the F5 hardware which services
the SILVER and GOLD clusters, one of the F5 devices was failing its firmware rollback during that RFC, but has since been successfully rolled back.

To ensure the roll-back was successful and thus viable in the event of an actual fail-over event, a need to test by failing over the involved workloads (GOLD and SILVER clusters) will need to be performed this evening. 

**When?**

Starting at Wednesday July 27th at 8:00pm PDT finishing by 9:30pm PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The load balancers for both Silver and Gold will be failed over to the standby, then failed back to the primary.

Existing connections may be dropped and need to be reconnected. New connections should continue to connect to the active F5.

This will impact both ingress and egress traffic from the clusters.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps will reconnect/reestablish any dropped connections.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
