
**What is happening?**

CHG0028254 MCS Silver - Enable auto-update for Sample container images
CHG0028314 MCS Gold - Enable auto-update for Sample container images
CHG0028315 MCS GoldDR - Enable auto-update for Sample container images

As part of the original [Image Management Plan](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/platform-experience-5bb7c5ab4b5806bc2beb9d15/issues/bcdevops/openshift4-rollout/362), the intent was to have the sample images in the `openshift` namespace auto update to keep current with security patches. After testing it was found this was not happening. This change will enable OCP to check for new releases of the tagged images and download them into the registry.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday July 27 @ 10:00 and finishing by 12:00

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No production apps should have [change triggers](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/applications/deployments/managing-deployment-processes.html#deployments-triggers_deployment-operations) on these base images. Any builds using these base images and set up for [change triggers](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/builds/triggering-builds-build-hooks.html#builds-using-image-change-triggers_triggering-builds-build-hooks) may fire off.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Ensure your production deployments are not using [change triggers](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/applications/deployments/managing-deployment-processes.html#deployments-triggers_deployment-operations) on these base images. Otherwise no action is needed.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
