
**What is happening?**

CHG0050939 - CITZ - EMERALD - Upgrade AKO operator to latesst supported version

This change will upgrade the AVI Kubernetes Operator (AKO) from v1.8.1 to v1.10.1. This operator is what syncs the EMERALD cluster regarding changes to Routes and Services and makes changes in AVI to match.
**When?**

Starting on Sunday August 6th 2023 at 6:00 AM PDT and finishing before 9:00 AM.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There should be no impact to running workloads, but if automation is making changes to Openshift Routes or Services during this change window, that might affect connectivity to involved pods during that time. Re-deloying those workloads afterward will work. Performing this change during a Sunday morning window should minimize this.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Be sure to test application deployments pushed out during the change window. No issues for workloads already running and not undergoing deployment changes during the window.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
