
**What is happening?**

CHG0028459 - CITZ - SILVER OCP4 - Update renewed certificates for wildcard and API routes

Certificates which were purchased for the building of the SILVER cluster are coming up for renewal later this August. This change ticket will update the cluster with replacement certificates to address this.

While the process does not require any disruptive pod restarts, the certificate replacement will affect the following very briefly.

- Use of the web console since it uses the wildcard certificate being replaced.
- Any application that makes use of the wildcard certifiate *.apps.silver.devops.gov.bc.ca .
- Use of the external API URL api.silver.devops.gov.bc.ca used by external clients using `oc` or similar access.



**When?**

Starting this Sunday August 8th 2021 starting at 6:00pm PDT. Work involved will be no more than 15 minutes.


**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact is expected apart from possible active connections disconnecting as involved system pods restart themselves. Do monitor your apps and re-test after announcement of completion of the RFC to ensure apps are still functioning as expected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No direct action required. Do check your apps after this work is completed to ensure your app is running as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
