
**What is happening?**

AdvSol CHG0037045 / MySC CHG0052083 STMS NET - F5 Load Balancer Hardware Refresh - CAL OpenShift GOLDDR

The firmware on the physical devices holding the F5s for GOLDDR will be upgraded.

**When?**

The change will start at 2022-08-10 02:30 and finishing by 2022-08-10 05:30

The first failover (impact)  is expected at 03:30

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The load balancers for GOLDDR will be failed over to the standby, then failed back to the primary.

Existing connections may be dropped and need to be reconnected. New connections should continue to connect to the active F5.

This will impact both ingress and egress traffic from the clusters.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps will reconnect/reestablish any dropped connections.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
