**What is happening?**

AdvSol CHG0039909 / MySC CHG0054912 STMS NET - INT - F5 Load Balancer Firmware Update to 1.1.1

The firmware on the physical devices holding the F5s for SILVER and GOLD will be upgraded.

**When?**

The change will be starting at Tuesday August 16th at 23:30 am PDT finishing by Wednesday August 17th at 5:30 am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The load balancers for both Silver and Gold will be failed over to the standby, then failed back to the primary.

Existing connections may be dropped and need to be reconnected. New connections should continue to connect to the active F5.

This will impact both ingress and egress traffic from the clusters.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps will reconnect/reestablish any dropped connections.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
