
**What is happening?**

CHG0029176 MCS Silver - Complete rolling reboot and expired cert removal

During MySC: INC0289248 / AS: INC0056338 - MCS | SILVER, it was found that the automation in OpenShift was attempting to remove an expired certificate from the nodes in the cluster. During the INC we allowed the master and infra nodes to complete their rolling reboots, but placed a "pause" on the worker nodes and only one completed its automated reboot to remove the expired certificate.

While Red Hat does not believe there is an issue with keeping this automation paused, this is untested and unsupported. As the vaccine passport system will be rolling out soon, we feel it is safer to allow this automation to complete sooner than later.

This change will un-pause the worker node automation allowing a rolling restart of all the nodes. Rolling restarts is a normal sub-function of quarterly patching and is well tested. Product teams working  on the Openshift Platform have ample experience with this kind of maintenance and their apps should be designed to be resilient to a rolling reboot. Read more about recommended resiliency settings for apps [here](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Resiliency-Guidelines).

**When?**

Starting Saturday August 28 @ 06:00 AM] and finishing before Sunday August 29 @ 10:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Worker nodes will be drained one at a time and rebooted. Pods will be restarted onto other nodes during the drain operation.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If your application uses a [PodDisruptionBudget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) please monitor your app to ensure it properly recovers after disruption. Any PDB found blocking a node drain for more than 15 minutes will be removed by the Ops team to ensure it doesn't block progress.

As always, keep an eye on your app that it continues to function and grafecully recovers from pod restarts.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
