**What is happening?**

CHG0039431 - CITZ - GOLD - Roll back vendor-requested configuration changes to master controller pods

This change is to revoke previous adjustments made to the GOLD cluster for how the master controller pods consumes API services. This reversion is required since the adjustment is not compatible with Openshift upgrades and thus will not be able to upgrade GOLD while this adjustment is still in place.

**When?**

Wednesday September 7th 2022 after 9:00am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This change shouldn't be disruptive to users as it will roll out the change one node at a time. It should take under an hour to complete and won't result in any pod restarts. This has been successfully tested in the LAB.

**Do I need to do anything?**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
