**What is happening?**
CHG0040849 - MCS GOLDDR - 2022 Q3 Patching - Preparatory Steps for Openshift Upgrade
CHG0040850 - MCS GOLDDR - 2022 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to Openshift 4.10

These two changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production GOLDDR cluster from Openshift 4.9 to 4.10.

**When?**

CHG0040849 will commence at 6:00am on Sunday October 2nd 2022.
CHG0040850 - MCS GOLDDR - 2022 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to Openshift 4.10 will commence at 9:00am on Monday October 3rd 2022. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

CHG0040849 will involve updating the NetApp Trident pods, so it is possible automated storage provisioning during this window might delay or fail, but work when attempted again.

CHG0040850 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after Openshift upgrade for firmware.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app does not work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
