
**What is happening?**

CHG0051661 STMS NET - Calgary - Insert new Arista Spine and Service Leaf (Core switch)

This work will replace hardware responsible for acting as the core switch in the Calgary datacentre, and will disrupt network services for the Openshift GOLDDR cluster.

**When?**

This network change will start on Sunday September 24th at 4:00am PDT. The change window ends at 9:00am PDT in case of roll-back, and the estimation for network disruption is estimated to be between 45 minutes or less during the early stages of this change window.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This will have an impact on the Openshift GOLDDR cluster in terms of being able to access workloads outside of the cluster (from the Internet or from other Openshift clusters such as SILVER or GOLD).

Internal DNS queries in the cluster involving internal service routes will resolve, but no external DNS queries will otherwise work during the impactful portion of this change.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If application teams have their applications hosted by default off of the GOLDDR cluster instead of GOLD, it would be best if the application teams failed over manually to make use of the GOLD cluster before the start of this network change. This is not an issue for application teams where the default workloads are using GOLD instead of GOLDDR.

Check over the state of applications hosted on the GOLDDR cluster as well as sync operations setup on both GOLD and GOLDDR.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
