
**What is happening?**

CHG0051494 MCS SILVER - Rebuild 6 VMs with smaller disks

We'll be draining and rebuilding some worker nodes

**When?**

Starting 9am Wed Oct 4th until 4pm Oct 6th, or sooner if things go smoothly. Work will be paused at 4pm each day and continue the next morning at 9am.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The nodes will be drained one at a time, similar to what happens during OCP upgrades. Some pods will be restarted, but no other impacts are expected.

This is to test if worker nodes with 500Gi disks perform as well as 800Gi disks to see if some money can be saved on disks. These nodes will be monitored until after the next upgrade to see how they perform and how their image cache manages.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action is required other than monitoring your apps health.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
