**What is happening?**
CHG0030498 - STMS NET - INT - Convert Vlan 4052 - MCS Interior from VARP to VRRP

This is a config change needed between the Kamloops F5 and the WAN router to switch how it fails over between redundant connections. This change was previously done in Calgary. We believe this will improve port 80 performance since the SiS firewall upgrade. A small network disruption will be likely as part of the change (less than 30 seconds) for traffic going outside of the SILVER and GOLD Openshift clusters.

**When?**

This evening (October 14th 2021) after 7pm PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

A small impact (less than 30 seconds) between apps hosted on the SILVER and GOLD clusters are possible as part of the change. Apps not relying on external connectivity will not be impacted.

**Do I need to do anything?**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
