**What is happening?**
CHG0030292 MCS - NetApp Storage iSCSI Configuration - SILVER

The DXC Storage team has identified an issue in the production NetApp setups that limits the redundancy of iSCSI connections between the app nodes and the NetApp. This will migrate one of the iSCSI connections to the secondary network switch so that a switch failure will not take out both iSCSI connections and multipath access.

This configuration change only involves NetApp block PVC storage. NetApp file PVC storage does not use iSCSI. Storage to running pods will not be affected. If starting up a new pod with block storage during the maintenance activity and it does not work, reattempt the activity after maintenance is completed.

This change was also required for the GOLD cluster and previously made successfully with no issues.


**When?**

This Sunday morning (October 17th 2021) after 9am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to running pods, a loss of redundancy for block PVCs while the NetApp configuration change is made which is then restored once the change is complete.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
