**What is happening?**
CHG0030317 - STMS NET - F5 load balancer upgrade Interior Silver MCS

This is standard maintaince applied to our F5 instances and this one will be for the F5 instance servicing the SILVER Openshift cluster. Maintenance is performed in a highly available manner (one F5 instance is upgraded while the other instance handles all traffic), but a temporary network disconnect may be experienced for open connections during fail-over events - a refresh of the network connection will address this.

**When?**

This Sunday morning (October 17th 2021) after 6am PDT.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

A small disruption to open network connections may occur during an F5 fail-over event while maintenance takes place. A refresh of the network connection between the source (web browser/another app/etc) will restore this if lost. There will be no disruption to pod or cluster uptime during this maintenance.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
