**What is happening?**

AdvSol CHG0041760 / MySC CHG0056805 STMS NET - INT - Load Balancer Firmware Update to 1.3.0 – Wednesday Nov 2 2:30 AM PDT

The firmware on the physical devices holding the F5s for SILVER and GOLD will be upgraded. Vendor believes they have solved the issues with the previous attempts to upgrade to 1.1.1.

AdvSol CHG0041764 / MySC CHG0056807 STMS NET - CAL - Load Balancer Firmware Update to 1.3.0 – Sunday Nov 6th 4:00 AM PST

The firmware on the physical devices holding the F5s for GOLD DR will be upgraded. Vendor believes they have solved the issues with the previous attempts to upgrade to 1.1.1. The change in INT/Kamloops before this will prove it out.

AdvSol CHG0042044 / MySC CHG0057104 STMS NET - CAL - F5 load balancer - Calgary Gold DR upgrade software version to 15.1.8 – Wednesday Nov 9th 2:30 AM PST

The software for the F5 vCMP used for Gold DR will be upgraded.

AdvSol CHG0042103 / MySC CHG0057166 STMS NET - INT - F5 load balancer - MCS Silver upgrade software version to 15.1.8 – Wednesday Nov 16th 2:30 AM PST

The software for the F5 vCMP used for Silver will be upgraded.

- CHG TBD Upgrade Kamloops Gold to 15.1.8 – Sunday Nov 20th 6:00 AM PST

The software for the F5 vCMP used for Gold will be upgraded. No change record yet, but this is the date its planned for.

**When?**

Dates listed above with the individual changes.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

In each change, the load balancers will be failed over to the standby, then failed back to the primary.

Existing connections may be dropped and need to be reconnected. New connections should continue to connect to the active F5.

This will impact both ingress and egress traffic from the clusters.

The network team says no impact is expected, buy in previous attempts at the firmware upgrade, outages of all network ingress/egress from the clusters has been observed for several minutes.

The software upgrades of the individual vCMPs has historically been smooth.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps will reconnect/reestablish any dropped connections.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
