**What is happening?**
Upgrading the Private Cloud Service from OpenShift 4.6 to 4.7.

CHG0029877 - MCS GOLD - 2021 Q4 Patching - Registry Hard Prune
CHG0029878 - MCS GOLD - 2021 Q4 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.7

**When?**

The Registry Hard Prune will be run Sunday Oct 24th starting at 6am and should take no more than 30 min to complete.

Starting at 8am on Monday Oct 25th we'll trigger the Dell firmware updates and OCP upgrade. The main software upgrade should take around 3 hours. This will be followed by a rolling reboot of the app nodes that may take until the 29th to complete. App nodes reboots will be paused after 5pm and resumed the next morning around 8-9am.

During the week of Oct 25th to 29th the Logging stack (Kibana) will be upgraded and a fresh release of Cluster Configuration Manager (CCM) applied.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The Registry Hard Prune involves putting the image registry into Read Only mode which prevents pushing new builds to the registry.

During the OCP upgrade the morning of Oct 25th the API and web console will have a few short downtimes as they are upgraded. There will also be several short disruptions to the API as the master servers are drained and rebooted and the load balancer detects the pool member going away and updates which server it forwards traffic to.

As the app nodes are drained and rebooted during the next two weeks pods will be gracefully restarted onto other nodes in the cluster. Well designed apps will handle this disruption.

During the firmware patching the master servers will again be drained and rebooted one at a time, causing a short interruption to the API. Then some of the app nodes will be drained and rebooted similar to the upgrade previously.

**Do I need to do anything?**

In short, yes.  If your application uses a [PodDisruptionBudget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) please monitor your app to ensure it properly recovers after disruption. Any PDB found blocking a node drain for more than 60 minutes will be removed by the Platform Operations Team to ensure it doesn’t block progress.

As always, keep an eye on your app that it continues to function and gracefully recovers from pod restarts.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
