
**What is happening?**

CHG0052679 CITZ - PROD Openshift - Upgrade ACS to version 4

The production ACS (Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security) stack will be upgraded during the mentioned change window below. This is a major verison upgrade from version 3.74 to version 4.0.

Future upgrades will be planned and scheduled in the near future to upgrade past verison 4.0, but this specific change is being handled on its own due to the large number of internal changes involved including that for the database used by ACS.

**When?**

Starting on Tuesday November 7th 2023 at 09:00 PST and running until November 10th at 4:30pm PST.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

ACS is not tied or required for user workloads to function, so no impact to user apps is expected. It is possible individuals who have been setup with access to ACS might not be able to reach the ACS web console (https://acs.developer.gov.bc.ca/main/dashboard) during portions of this change window.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
