
**What is happening?**

CHG0054166 CITZ - PROD ACS - Upgrade ACS from version 4.0 to 4.2

The production ACS (Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security) stack will be upgraded during the mentioned change window below. This upgrade will take us to the latest supported version of ACS by Red Hat. Once done, the operator channel automation will be switched back on so that we continue to proactively receive the latest releases of ACS as they are provided to us by Red Hat.

**When?**

Starting on Tuesday November 21st 2023 at 09:00 PST and running until November 24th at 4:00pm PST. The expected amount of time should be significantly less than this.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

ACS is not tied or required for user workloads to function, so no impact to user apps is expected. It is possible individuals who have been setup with access to ACS might not be able to reach the ACS web console (https://acs.developer.gov.bc.ca/main/dashboard) during portions of this change window.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
