**What is happening?**

Due to the size of the clusters and some potential impact on etcd we are going to reduce the retention of builds, images and deployments to 48 hours from 96 hours. This should help maintain the performance of etcd and reduce the retention of older images, builds and deployments.

There are 2 scheduled changes:

SILVER/EMERALD - December 6th @ 0900 - CHG0043455
GOLD/GOLDDR - December 7th @ 0900 - CHG0043457

**When?**

Dates listed above with the individual changes. The pruner jobs then run at 4pm each day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

In each change, the change will be applied and then tested. The changes should be entirely transparent and not cause any outages or disruptions. The change can be quickly reverted if there's any issues discovered during implementation.

BuildConfigs will be changed to only keep the most recent 2 builds instead of 5 OR builds within the past 48 hours, instead of the past 96 hours. This will reduce the number of old builds you see in your tools namespaces.

DeploymentConfigs will be changed to only keep the most recent 2 deploy pods instead of 5 OR deploys within the past 48 hours, instead of the past 96 hours. This will reduce the number of old deploy pods you see in your namespaces.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps should continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
