**What is happening?**

We are going to enable http compression on the ingress controller for the PROD clusters. This has been tested in the LAB successfully. It should reduce network usage and improve page loading time for users. We do not anticipate any outages or service disruptions as the ingress pods will cycle one at a time to apply the change.

There are 3 changes:

SILVER - December 6th @ 1000 - CHG0043252
GOLD - December 7th @ 1000 - CHG0043255
GOLDDR - December 8th @ 1000 - CHG0043256

**When?**

Dates listed above with the individual changes.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

In each change, the change will be applied and then tested. The changes should be entirely transparent and not cause any outages or disruptions. The change can be quickly reverted if there's any issues discovered during implementation.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps should continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
