
**What is happening?**

CHG0043221 CITZ MCS SILVER - Switch from community ArgoCD to Red Hat GitOps

CHG0043222 CITZ MCS GOLD - Switch from community ArgoCD to Red Hat GitOps

CHG0043223 CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Switch from community ArgoCD to Red Hat GitOps

These changes will change the clusters over to using the vendor supported GitOps operator (ArgoCD) instead of the unsupported community version we are currently using.

**When?**

Starting at 5pm each day and expected to take about an hour.

SILVER will be Tuesday Nov 22nd.

GOLD will be Wednesday Nov 23rd.

GOLD DR will be Thursday Nov 24th.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impacts are expected. However ArgoCD is a core part of how clusters are managed and there is a risk of something going wrong. The change has been tested a few times in the LAB clusters and in the NSX clusters.

No change is happening to the ArgoCD Shared used by product teams at this point. It will be upgraded later.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Nope.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
