**What is happening?**

CHG0043756 - CITZ - EMERALD - Update cluster proxy config to match KLAB2

To address an internal consistency between LAB and PROD clusters, an update to the proxy cluster configuration will be applied to the EMERALD cluster, which will result in a rolling node drain and reboot for all nodes in that cluster. This will fix some internal monitoring of the cluster's health for the Platform Operations team. Virtual firmware updates for all nodes will be also applied during this period.

This change only involves people who have signed up to be Early Adopters for the new EMERALD Openshift cluster. It does not affect or otherwise involve the regular Openshift clusters like SILVER, GOLD or GOLDDR.

**When?**

This work will commence next Wednesday morning (December 14th at 9:00am PST). The time estimate is 1-2 hours depending on whether or not additional node drains/reboots are required.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Individual pods will be deleted and restarted on other nodes as all nodes are drained and rebooted in sequence. Highly-available applications will not be affected while applications without HA might experience small periods of downtime as the non-HA workloads are restarted elsewhere.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps should continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
