**What is happening?**

Advsol CHG0043794 / MySC CHG0058641 - Due to the size of the clusters and some potential impact on etcd we are need to reduce the number of retained images. This should help maintain the performance of etcd and reduce the retention of older images.. We will adjust the retained tag revisions from 3 to 1. This shouldn't have an impact on images that are in use but will reduce the overall size of the registry thus improving performance. This change will be implemented in the SILVER, GOLD and GOLDDR clusters. It is not expected to be impactful.

**When?**

December 12, 2022 at 10 AM. The image pruner job then run at 6 PM each day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The changes should be entirely transparent and not cause any outages or disruptions. The change can be quickly reverted if there's any issues discovered during implementation.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Well designed apps should continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
