Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0064809 - CITZ - EMERALD/SILVER/GOLD/GOLDDR MCS - Drain and shut down nine servers

We will be draining a total of nine Virtual Machine nodes in the SILVER (5 VMs) , GOLD (1 VM), GOLDDR (1 VM) and EMERALD (2 VMs) clusters. A node drain will take place first which will move user workloads to other nodes in the respective cluster. The drains will take place during business hours.

**When?**

Starting on November 27th after 9:00AM PST, and completing before 5:00PM the same day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Yes, there will be an impact on individual workloads (pods) hosted on the involved nodes as part of node drains, but not an impact on applications provided they are configured with High Availability in mind.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No specific action required outside of monitoring applications hosted on these clusters.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
