@all
**What is happening?**

CHG0061523 CITZ MCS SILVER - Upgrade Trident to 24.06
CHG0061526 CITZ MCS GOLD - Upgrade Trident to 24.06
CHG0061527 CITZ MCS GOLD DR - Upgrade Trident to 24.06
CHG0061528 CITZ MCS EMERALD - Upgrade Trident to 24.06

Upgrade Trident followed by a rolling restart of nodes.

**When?**

Trident will be upgraded at 6am the first day. Then rolling reboots will be start at 9am and continue until 4pm each day, resuming the next morning, until all nodes are completed.

- Silver July 29th to Aug 2nd
- Gold Aug 6th to 9th
- Gold DR and Emerald Aug 12th to 15th

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

During the Trident upgrade, storage operations such as creating new volumes or mounting volumes to new pods may hang until Trident resumes operations.

During node drains there may be some `netapp-block-standard` volumes that fail to mount after moving to a new node. We have a manual intervention to fix this, but it may take a few minutes to check and complete.

Nodes will be drained and rebooted one at a time with several checks between each node to ensure things are going smoothly.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your apps health. If you see events that state "problem mapping lun" please let the Ops team know in #devops-operations . No issues are expected with `netapp-file-standard` volumes.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
