
**What is happening?**

CHG0055075 STMS NET - Interior - Migrate EXT01, EXT03, IPS & SWC02 from SWC01 to the new Arista Service Leaf switches

This work will migrate hardware responsible for acting as the core switch in the Kamloops datacentre, and will disrupt network services for the Openshift Silver, Gold, and Emerald clusters.

More information in the TIB [KB0033078](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=d7e837991ba7fdd0f436542f0a4bcb2e&view=ess). This change is managed by Enterprise Hosting not the OpenShift platform team. Please direct any questions to them.

A change like this was previously completed in Calgary on Jan 7th.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday March 3rd at 02:00 AM PST. The change window ends at 05:00 AM PST in case of roll-back, and the estimation for network disruption is estimated to be 1 hour or less during the early stages of this change window.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

This will have an impact on the Openshift clusters in terms of being able to access workloads outside of the cluster. This includes access to/from the internet, access to DNS resolution, and access to other clusters or parts of the datacenter.

Internal DNS queries in the cluster involving internal service routes will resolve, but no external DNS queries will otherwise work during the impactful portion of this change.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If you are on Gold, you may want to preemptively fail over to Gold DR for the night, and fail back on in the morning after checking the health of your Gold app.

Join the customer testing call listed in the TIB [KB0033078](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=d7e837991ba7fdd0f436542f0a4bcb2e&view=ess) and test your application after the change has completed.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
