@all
**What is happening?**

CHG0063463 CITZ - MCS Emerald - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation
CHG0063465 CITZ - MCS Emerald - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.37

These two changes represent the work involved to upgrade the Emerald cluster to Openshift 4.14.37.

**When?**

CHG0063463 will commence at 6:00AM PDT on Sunday Oct 20th 2024 and run as late as 9:00AM.

CHG0063465 will commence at 9:00AM PDT on Monday Oct 21st 2024 and run until Oct 25th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

CHG0063463 will involve orphaned image data cleanup and defragmenting the ETCD database. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The hard prune will put the registry in read-only mode briefly while the pruner removes any orphaned images.

CHG0063465 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications for disruptions. Well designed applications should be able to tolerate the pod restarts without issue.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
