
**What is happening?**

CHG0056953 STMS NET - Interior - Move MCS connections to new Arista Spine

This work will migrate a number of network switches used by two Openshift clusters (SILVER and GOLD) to a new core switch. The work is not expected to be impactful due to the network connections for both SILVER and GOLD being patched into redundant switch stacks and the work invovled will only involve one switch stack at a time.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday April 30th 2024 at 06:00 PM PDT. The change window ends at 10:00 PM PDT in case of roll-back.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There is no expected impact due to this change since all of the nodes in each Openshift cluster involved (SILVER and GOLD) have redundant network connections through separate switch stacks.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Nothing needs to be done for apps on the involved Openshift clusters (SILVER and GOLD).

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
