@all
**What is happening?**

CHG0062504 - CITZ - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation
CHG0062505 - CITZ - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35

CHG0062514 - CITZ - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation
CHG0062518 - CITZ - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35

CHG0062520 - CITZ - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation
CHG0062521 - CITZ - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35

These six changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production clusters from Openshift 4.13 to 4.14.

**When?**

CHG0062504 (CITZ - MCS  SILVER - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation) will commence at 6:00AM PDT on Sunday September 15th 2024 and run as late as 10:00AM the same morning.
CHG0062505 (CITZ - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35) will commence at 9:00AM PDT on Monday September 16th 2024 and run until September 27th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0062514 (CITZ - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation) will commence at 6:00AM PDT on Sunday September 29th 2024 and run as late as 10:00AM the same morning.
CHG0062518 (CITZ - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35) will commence at 9:00AM PDT on Tuesday October 1st 2024 and run until October 4th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0062520 (CITZ - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q3 Patching - Openshift upgrade preparation) will commence at 6:00AM PDT on Sunday October 6th 2024 and run as late as 10:00AM the same morning.
CHG0062521 (CITZ - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q3 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.14.35) will commence at 9:00AM PDT on Monday October 7th 2024 and run until October 11th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Changes CHG0062504, CHG0062514 and CHG0062520 will involve orphaned image data cleanup, defragmenting the ETCD database, and upgrading the F5 load balancer integration with Openshift. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The hard prune will put the registry in read-only mode briefly while the pruner removes any orphaned images.

Changes CHG0062505, CHG0062518 and CHG0062521 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after the Openshift upgrade to update firmware.

**Are there any API Deprecation Issues to Worry about?**

For this Openshift upgrade, there are no API deprecation issues to worry about for the users of the platform. The one deprecated API is not one that is used by users or the cluster internally.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications for disruptions. Well designed applications should be able to tolerate the pod restarts without issue.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
