
**What is happening?**

CHG0056661 CITZ MCS SILVER - Upgrade Trident and rebuild nodes

We will upgrade the Trident storage operator, and set some new configurations recommended by the vendor NetApp to provide additional stability to our block storage. We will then work through draining and rebuilding impacted nodes.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday Feb 13 @ 6:00 AM and finishing at Friday Feb 16 @ 05:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

During the Trident upgrade at 6am storage operations will be unavailable. This includes provisioning new storage, or mounting PVCs to newly created pods.

Tuesday morning before 9am we will also drain `mcs-silver-app-01.dmz` and rebuild it to ensure it is in a clean state, then add it back to the cluster after some testing.

We will monitor that app server over Tuesday and if it looks like it is working well, will be rebuilding 17 other app nodes over the rest of the week.

As pods are drained from the problem nodes, if they use `netapp-block-standard` volumes they may have some issues restarting onto other nodes for up to 20 minutes as the volumes get unmounted from the impacted nodes. Other pods should be able to start up cleanly on other nodes.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your apps and ask for help if anything gets stuck in #devops-operations

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
