**What is happening?**

CHG0055023 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055017 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

CHG0055024 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055018 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

CHG0055022 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055020 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

These six changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production clusters from Openshift 4.12 to 4.13.

**When?**

CHG0055023 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade will commence at 6:00AM on Sunday January 7 and run as late as 10:00AM.

CHG0055017 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24 will commence at 9:00am on Monday January 8th and run until January 19th. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0055024 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade will commence at 6:00AM on Sunday January 28 and run as late as 10:00AM.

CHG0055018 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24 will commence at 9:00am on January 29th and run until February 2nd. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0055022 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade will commence at 6:00AM on Sunday Feb 4th and run as late as 10:00AM.

CHG0055020 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24 will commence at 9:00am on Monday February 5th and run until February 9th. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00am and 5:00pm, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Changes CHG0055023, CHG0055024 and CHG0055022 will involve orphaned image data cleanup, defragmenting the ETCD database, and upgrading the F5 load balancer. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The hard prune will put the registry in read-only mode briefly while the pruner removes any orphaned images.

 Changes CHG0055017, CHG0055018 and CHG0055020 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after the Openshift upgrade to update firmware.

**There are a few items to note about this upgrade that could cause issues for some workloads:**

- <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-26>

There are three Kubernetes resources affected by this upcoming upgrade, but only one applies to people performing development work for applications hosted inside Openshift. The applicable resource is the following:

### HorizontalPodAutoscaler

<https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#horizontalpodautoscaler-v126>

- API version changes from `v2beta2` to `v2`.
- No other changes to note.

### How to Check Your Application for API Compatibility Issues

#### Audit existing Manifest content

If any of your application manifests are stored as YAML or JSON, then you can search your manifest files yourself to first look for matches against Kubernetes resource types of  `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` and an API version of `v2beta2`.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
