Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0064337 - CITZ - SILVER/GOLD - 2024 Q4 - Drain VM nodes to support VMWare ESXi host maintenance
CHG0064338 - CITZ - EMERALD - 2024 Q4 - Drain VM nodes to support VMWare ESXi host maintenance

For first the Openshift SILVER/GOLD clusters and then EMERALD, we will be draining nodes built as Virtual Machines (VMs) to cooperate with internal maintenance required by the DXCAS VMWare team.

**When?**

The maintenance for SILVER and GOLD (CHG0064337) will start after 9:00AM PST on November 12th, going until 5:00pm November 22nd if required.

The maintenance for EMERALD (CHG0064338) will start after 9:00AM PST on November 25th, going until 5:00pm November 29th if required.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be an impact on individual workloads (pods) hosted on the involved nodes as part of node drains, but not an impact on applications provided they are configured with High Availability in mind.

Maintenance affecting workloads will only take place during business hours (9:00AM - 5:00PM).

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
