
**What is happening?**

CHG0056454 CITZ MCS - Restart Silver app nodes

Currently 18 of 62 app nodes are having issues mounting block PVCs. This reboot should unstick the storage subsystems. This is a workaround while we continue to investigate long term solutions with the vendors Red Hat and NetApp.

**When?**

Starting at Monday February 5th @ 9:00 AM and finishing by Friday February 9th @ 4:00 PM. Work will occur between 9AM and 5PM each day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be draining/reboots of nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications to ensure they continue working as expected.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
