@all
**What is happening?**

CHG0063519 STMS NET - F5 software upgrade - Kamloops OpenShift Silver
CHG0063358 STMS NET - F5 software upgrade - Kamloops OpenShift GOLD
CHG0063359 STMS NET - F5 software upgrade - Calgary OpenShift GOLD DR

Upgrading the software on the F5 load balancers for each cluster. Take two after Silver had to be rolled back Oct 3rd.

**When?**

Starting 5am on Thursday. The first failover will be at 6am, with a second failover around 30 minutes later. Change will be complete by 8am.

- Silver will be Oct 10th
- Gold will be Oct 17th
- Gold DR will be Oct 24th

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Open TCP connections will be reset on each failover. New connections will make use of whichever F5 is currently primary. Apps should otherwise not be impacted.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
