@all
**What is happening?**

CHG0062431 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLD
CHG0062433 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLDDR

Updating the NetApp operating system to get a bug fix to prevent a similar issue as was experienced in Silver recently

**When?**

GOLD Starting Sunday Sept 8th at 6am
GOLD DR Starting Sunday Sept 15th at 6am

The change is only expected to take 90 minutes, but the change window is until 5pm in case extra time is required.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There may be a few minutes during the update where `netapp-file-standard` PVCs will have the `Invalid argument` errors on file access. This could happen between when the first of two NetApp nodes completes its update and the storage team is able to re-set a config value. The errors should end on their own and not require intervention to restore your app. But it's always good to monitor and verify your app is healthy after.

During the upgrade, starting pods with `netapp-block-standard` volumes may take up to 10 minutes as only one node is available and Trident takes a while to timeout. Running pods should not be impacted.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action is expected to be required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
