
**What is happening?**

CHG0055030 CITZ - EMERALD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Openshift prep work prior to OCP v4.12 upgrade
CHG0055033 CITZ - EMERALD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.12.44

These RFCs will allow us to apply the latest upgrades to bring EMERALD to the newest minor version of Openshift 4.12.

**When?**

CHG0055030 starts on Sunday February 4th 2024 at 6:00am PST and will prepare the cluster for the main upgrade RFC, to be finished before 9:00am PST the same day.
CHG0055033 starts on Monday February 5th 2024 at 9:00am PST and will continue until finished prior to February 9th at 5:00pm PST.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**
API response and web console access will see momentary disruptions of the upgrade process on February 5th. The remainder of the upgrade will involve node drains thus shifting around workloads as needed.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications during these RFC change windows.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
