
**What is happening?**

CHG0059487 - CITZ - SILVER/GOLD - Drain VM nodes to support VMWare ESXi host maintenance

This will drain the current pods off of involved worker node Virtual Machines (VMs) for the SILVER and GOLD clusters to allow the DXCAS VMWare team the ability to patch their ESXi hosts. All VMs on any one ESXi host will be cordoned off and drained one node at a time to ensure applications designed with High Availability in mind will function correctly during this maintenance.

**When?**

Starting at 9am Monday May 27th 2024 and finishing before 5pm Friday May 31st 2024. Nodes will be drained solely during business hours to ensure maximum availability for developers and other parties who monitor their application health to confirm or take action if required.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Pods on the involved VMs will be drained, using the same procedure as when we do patching. The pods should restart automatically onto other nodes.

Impacted nodes for the SILVER cluster:

- mcs-silver-app-45.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-46.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-47.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-48.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-49.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-50.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-51.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-52.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-53.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-54.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-55.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-56.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-57.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-58.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-59.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-60.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-61.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-62.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-63.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-64.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-65.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-66.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-67.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-68.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-69.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-70.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-71.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-72.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-73.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-74.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-75.dmz
- mcs-silver-app-76.dmz
- mcs-silver-infra-04.dmz
- mcs-silver-infra-05.dmz
- mcs-silver-infra-06.dmz

Impacted nodes for the GOLD cluster:

- mcs-gold-app-08.dmz
- mcs-gold-app-09.dmz
- mcs-gold-app-10.dmz
- mcs-gold-app-11.dmz
- mcs-gold-app-12.dmz
- mcs-gold-app-13.dmz

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
