
**What is happening?**

CHG0058719 STMS NET - CAL/INT - Upgrade the MLAG peer connections between the MEL switches

This work will implement a circuit upgrade for connectivity between the core network switches between the Kamloops and Calgary datacentre. This is expected to be non-disruptive, and for involved network traffic, involves solely non-HTTP traffic patterns between Kamloops hosted Openshift clusters (GOLD) and Calgary (GOLDDR) using the Porter operator.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday April 28th at 06:00 AM PDT. The change window ends at 09:00 AM PDT in case of roll-back.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There is no expected impact due to this change. The change involves solely non-HTTP traffic between GOLD and GOLDDR if setup previously using the Porter operator, but should also not be affected due to redundant network connections between the two switches, each connection being upgraded one at a time.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Nothing needs to be done for regular hosted apps on Openshift clusters. Anyone propagating non-HTTP traffic between GOLD and GOLDDR may want to confirm this functionality post-change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in Rocket.Chat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](
https://developer.gov.bc.ca/Getting-human-support-for-issues-not-covered-by-devops-requests).
