Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0073811 STMS NET - SIS Firewall upgrade to R82 take 39

The Secure Internet Service firewalls software will be upgraded

**When?**

Starting at Wednesday, Nov 19th at 2:30am and completing by 5:30av

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Traffic to and from the public internet will be failed over a few times as both Calgary then Kamloops firewalls are updated. At each failover open connections will be closed and reopend on the other firewall. We have seen issues in the past where BGP takes a few minutes to redirect traffic flows.

Any connections inside the OpenShift clusters, or to other parts of the datacenter will be unaffected.

This will impact all OpenShift clusters,

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
