Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0072152 STMS NET - INT - DMZ Firewall Hardware Refresh

Kamloops DMZ firewall is being replaced with new hardware

**When?**

Starting at Sunday, Nov 30th at 4am and completing before 8am

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

While the Silver and Gold OpenShift clusters are not behind the DMZ firewall, the upstream DNS servers are. There will be a 30 minute outage of the DMZ and thus DNS lookups.

If your application relies on DNS lookups for operation or services that exist in the DMZ, the app will experience an outage.

See the [TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=f21356c13b493a584eecda34c3e45a3e&view=ess) for more info.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Take any steps you deem necessary to ensure your application can gracefully handle the loss of DNS or any other DMZ hosted services it depends on.

Join the client testing call at 5am (link in the TIB)

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
