Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0065418 - CITZ - PROD - MCS SILVER - Pre-upgrade prep work
CHG0065419 - CITZ - PROD - MCS SILVER - Upgrade to 4.16

CHG0065427 - CITZ MCS GOLD - Pre-upgrade prep work
CHG0065428 - CITZ MCS GOLD - Upgrade to 4.16

CHG0065429 - CITZ MCS GOLD DR - Pre-upgrade prep work
CHG0065430 - CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Upgrade to 4.16

These six changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production clusters from Openshift 4.14 to 4.16.

**When?**

CHG0065418 (CITZ - PROD - MCS SILVER - Pre-upgrade prep work) will commence at 6:00AM PST on Sunday January 12th 2025 and run as late as 9:00AM the same morning.
CHG0065419 (CITZ - PROD - MCS SILVER - Upgrade to 4.16) will commence at 9:00AM PST on Monday January 13th 2025 and run until January 24th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0065427 (CITZ MCS GOLD - Pre-upgrade prep work) will commence at 6:00AM PST on Sunday January 26th 2024 and run as late as 9:00AM the same morning.
CHG0065428 (CITZ MCS GOLD - Upgrade to 4.16) will commence at 9:00AM PST on Monday January 27th 2025 and run until January 31st if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

CHG0065429 (CITZ MCS GOLD DR - Pre-upgrade prep work) will commence at 6:00AM PST on Sunday February 2nd 2025 and run as late as 9:00AM the same morning.
CHG0065430 (CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Upgrade to 4.16) will commence at 9:00AM PST on Monday February 3rd 2025 and run until February 7th if required. Upgrade efforts will be allowed to proceed between 9:00AM and 5:00PM, and be paused after-hours to ensure developers are present during node drains to look after their apps if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Changes CHG0065418, CHG0065427 and CHG0065429 will involve orphaned image data cleanup, defragmenting the ETCD database, upgrading the integration between Openshift and NetApp storage (Trident), and upgrading the F5 load balancer integration with Openshift. Defragmenting ETCD could cause some latency and slowness but isn't expected to cause any breakage as each pod will be done individually with time to recover between operations. The hard prune will put the registry in read-only mode briefly while the pruner removes any orphaned images. Operations involving storage during the Trident upgrade might be delayed due to the upgrade process.

Changes CHG0065419, CHG0065428 and CHG0065430 will involve both an upgrade of the core of the cluster as well as draining/reboots of all nodes which will require pods to be drained onto other nodes. There may be some slowness for new pods coming up if it happens that a lot of new pods attempt to start on an empty node (just patched). We will announce daily when work for this will resume and be suspended at the end of each work day. Depending on availability of new firmware, there may be a need for us to do another node drain after the Openshift upgrade to update firmware.

**Are there any API Deprecation Issues to Worry about?**

For this Openshift upgrade, there are no API deprecation issues to worry about for the users of the platform.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your applications for disruptions. Well designed applications should be able to tolerate the pod restarts without issue.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know w
ho your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
