Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0069158 STMS NET - CAL & KAM - Equinix Internet Access failover test

Testing the failover from primary to secondary internet connections. See [TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=204ed8ba47516210d15bf44d416d4324&view=ess) for more details.

**When?**

Starting at Wednesday, May 14th at 4:00am and finishing by 5:30am

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Previous testing caused a 5 minute outage to one datacenter during each test.

Testing will start in Calgary, and if successful (a short outage instead of 5 min) then will be tested in Kamloops.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Prepare your apps if needed to lose connectivity to the internet a few times during the testing.

Previous test did not cause GSLB to fail over as the interruption was upstream of the GSLBs.

In the event of any problems identified post-change, clients can raise an incident ticket by calling the CSC Service Desk at 250-387-7000 (option 3) or toll free number 1-866-660-0811 (option 3).**

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
