Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0065445 NETSRM 332465 Load Balancer Request: RITM0198632 - MCS Timeout Modifications

The Network team will be adjusting the default FastL4 profile idle timeout from 300 seconds to 600 seconds on the F5 Load Balancers involved with the Openshift SILVER, GOLD and GOLDDR clusters. This change is being made in response to reports from some applications which require this change to function correctly.

**When?**

Starting next Wednesday on January 8th 2025 at 6:00AM PST and ending before 8:00AM the same morning.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Open connections to applications might be affected and needing a refresh to reconnect, but applications themselves should not be affected by this change, similar to any other types of maintenance performed on the F5 services.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
