Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0066889 - CITZ - MCS KLAB2/EMERALD - Upgrade ncp operator in alignment with NSX software upgrades

To align with VMWare maintenance of the Hosting NSX network platform, the Platform Operations team will support this work by upgrading the ncp operator responsible for integrating the two Openshift clusters (KLAB2, EMERALD) which use NSX for network security.

**When?**

Starting 6:30PM PST on February 20th 2025 for the VMWare work. The work will conclude before 11:30PM the same evening.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

While user workloads are not affected during this upgrade, some small disruption of service may be experienced while the ncp operator is upgraded if there is any active pod churn since NSX may not see the updated pod IP addresses during that time. Please monitor your applications during the change window and if there are issues with container workloads after the change, please restart the affected pods.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
