Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0068554 STMS NET - Hosting ToR Network Refresh – SIS FW and GSLB migration off the old HP switches to Arista

The main internet gateways in each datacenter, and the GSLB, will have their network connections interrupted.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday, June 22, 2025 at 2:30AM and completing by 5:30AM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

See [TIB D-2025-030](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=c5f697362b0d225077b2f0f6ce91bff3&view=ess) for more details.

Calgary will be completed first, then Kamloops will be completed second. BGP will be failed over twice causing network connections to reset, and some downtime as BGP re-advertising moves traffic over.

**Do I need to do anything?**

If you have an app that is running in both Gold and Gold DR ensure you are ready for the failovers.

Join the testing call at 7am [link in the TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/sp?id=kb_article&table=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin&sys_id=c5f697362b0d225077b2f0f6ce91bff3&view=ess) to test your app after the change and ensure everything is working correctly.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
