Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0066076 CITZ - MCS KLAB2/EMERALD - Upgrade ncp operator and perform node drains to support VMWare maintenance

To align with VMWare maintenance of the Hosting NSX network platform, the Platform Operations team will support this work via draining VM nodes for the sake of ESXi host upgrades as well as upgrading the ncp operator responsible for integrating the two Openshift clusters (KLAB2, EMERALD) which use NSX for network security.

**When?**

Starting 6:30PM PST on January 27th 2025 for the VMWare work. Work by Platform Operations will start the following morning (January 28th after 9:00AM) for supporting work. The work will conclude before 4:00PM on January 29th.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

While user workloads will be affected individually during node drains, these will be performed in a serial fashion so as to not impact any applications created with High Availablity in mind. There will be a short (5 minutes estimated) period of time during the ncp operator upgrade where applications undergoing active pod updates might not see updated connectivity but will quickly recover as this will not be performed during node drains causing pod IP updates.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
