Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0072326 CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

CHG0072325 CITZ MCS EMERALD - Install Loki Logging
CHG0071092 CITZ MCS EMERALD - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

Install the new Loki based logging system, then two weeks later, remove Kibana logging system. Resuming work that was paused during the job action.

**When?**

GOLDDR Remove Kibana - Monday Nov 3rd

EMERALD Install Loki - Sunday Nov 2nd
EMERALD Remove Kibana - Monday Nov 17th

Loki will be installed on a Sunday morning starting at 6am and completing before 12:00 noon. Two weeks later, ElasticSearch and Kibana will be removed, then Loki updated. The second phase will run 6am to 9am.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to apps hosted on the cluster expected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Loki logs will be available in the web console after the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
