Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0069497 CITZ MCS SILVER - Adjust HAProxy hard-stop setting
CHG0069498 CITZ MCS SILVER - API Tuning and Testing

We'll be deleting some excess secrets and configmaps from the API namespaces, then compacting the ETCD database.
Next, we'll force a restart of the API service and capture some logs for Red Hat.
Finally, we'll adjust the HAProxy settings to reduce the max time a connection can remain open from 4 hours to 2 hours.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday, May 25th 2025 at 6:00 AM and finishing before 9:00 AM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The API may drop or reject some requests as ETCD is defragged or as it is restarted. Requests should work on retry.

Connections to Routes will be dropped as the HAPRoxy pods restart, reconnects will be sent to a different pod and succeed.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
