Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

NETSRM 344482 (Change numbers coming soon) STMS NET - Load balancer Software Upgrades - Openshift PROD Clusters - SILVER, GOLD & GOLDDR

The vendor responsible for maintaining the F5 Load Balancers needs to apply an urgent security update. Details available [here](https://my.f5.com/manage/s/article/K000154696)

**When?**

SILVER - Starting on Tuesday, October 21 2025 at 6:30 AM and finishing before 8:00 AM.
GOLD - Starting on Tuesday, October 21 2025 at 8:30 PM and finishing before 10:00 PM.
GOLDDR - Starting on Wednesday, October 22 2025 at 6:30 AM and finishing before 8:00 AM.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Open connections will be reset twice during the change window but otherwise services will work as expected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
