Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0071785 CITZ MCS SILVER - Rebuild six worker and three infra nodes

Replace six worker nodes and three infrastructure nodes with new hardware.

**When?**

Starting at Monday, August 25th 2025 at 9:00 AM and finishing before Friday, August 29th at 5:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Worker node drains will affect individual workloads as pods are drained to other nodes, but Highly Available applications should not be affected.

Infra node drains may briefly affect Prometheus pods and thus temporarily affect metrics. For this reason the work on infra nodes will be specifically noted in #devops-alerts both when the work starts and when it finishes.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your apps during the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
