Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0072475 CITZ - MCS SILVER - Refresh hardware for three SILVER INFRA nodes

Replace three infrastructure nodes with new hardware.

**When?**

Starting at Tuesday, September 16th 2025 at 9:00 AM and finishing before Thursday, September 18th at 5:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

User workloads should not be impacted since the infra nodes handling the routing for all web traffic to applications are not hosted on the infra nodes being refreshed. No node drains either for worker nodes.

Infra node drains may briefly affect Prometheus pods and thus temporarily affect metrics. For this reason the work on infra nodes will be specifically noted in #devops-alerts both when the work starts and when it finishes.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your apps during the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
