Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0072810 CITZ - MCS KLAB2/EMERALD - Upgrade ncp operator in alignment with NSX software upgrades

To align with VMWare maintenance of the Hosting NSX network platform, the Platform Operations team will support this work via upgrading the ncp operator responsible for integrating the two Openshift clusters (KLAB2, EMERALD) which use NSX for network security.

**When?**

Starting 6:00PM PDT on September 26th 2025 and concluding before midnight (12:00AM) the same evening.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact expected for running pods. Depending on the timing new pods might experience a delay in connectivity while ncp is upgraded but will quickly resolve once ncp communicates to NSX the new pod IPs. Both NSX and Openshift are Highly Available systems.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
