Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0065757 CITZ - MCS SILVER - Upgrade firmware on MCS-SILVER-INFRA-02.DMZ by request from vendor

One of the INFRA nodes in the Openshift SILVER cluster will be cordoned and drained so that firmware updates can be performed as recommended by the hardware vendor in response to a harware incident on January 6th 2025.

**When?**

Starting next Wednesday on January 8th 2025 at 9:00AM PST and ending before 4:00PM the same day.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No user workloads reside on the involved hardware. There may be a slow-down for log ingestion into Kibana when the server is cordoned off and when it is put back into service, but otherwise all supporting services should function.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
