Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0065838 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - SILVER
CHG0065839 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLD
CHG0065840 - MCS - NetApp Storage Cluster CDOT OS Upgrade - GOLDDR

This will update the operating system on the NetApp devices. Emerald cluster leverages the Silver NetApp.

**When?**

Silver/Emerald: Starting at Sunday, March 16th at 6:00 AM and finishing by 5:00 PM

Gold: Starting at Sunday, March 23rd at 6:00 AM and finishing by 5:00 PM

Gold DR: Starting at Sunday, March 30th at 6:00 AM and finishing by 5:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Storage operations (creating or deleting PVCs, creating pods with PVCs, etc) may be delayed a few min as things settle out.

No impact to running pods is expected. The NetApp nodes are in a highly available pair and storage connections will fail over between them as the nodes are updated one at a time.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
