Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0068407 - SDN Kamloops - Upgade AVI and apply latest security updates and platform patches upgrade from version 22.1.4 to 31.1.x

The AVI Load Balancing Service (responsible for allowing access to applications hosted on the EMERALD cluster) will be receiving required platform and security upgrades. 

**When?**

Starting 6:30PM PST on April 24th 2025. The work will conclude before 12:00AM.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

While user workloads are not affected during this upgrade, some small disruption of service may be experienced while the AVI upgrade proceeds and fails over internally, thus resetting open connections to web services on EMERALD.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
