Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0071044 CITZ MCS SILVER - Install Loki Logging
CHG0071048 CITZ MCS SILVER - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

CHG0071087 CITZ MCS GOLD - Install Loki Logging
CHG0071088 CITZ MCS GOLD - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

CHG0071089 CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Install Loki Logging
CHG0071090 CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

CHG0071091 CITZ MCS EMERALD - Install Loki Logging
CHG0071092 CITZ MCS EMERALD - Remove ElasticSearch Logging and upgrade Loki

Install the new Loki based logging system, then two weeks later, remove Kibana logging system.

**When?**

SILVER Install Loki - Sunday August 10th
SILVER Remove Kibana - Monday August 25th

GOLD Install Loki - Sunday August 17th
GOLD Remove Kibana - Tuesday September 2nd

GOLDDR Install Loki - Sunday August 24th
GOLDDR Remove Kibana - Monday September 8th

EMERALD Install Loki - Sunday September 7th
EMERALD Remove Kibana - Monday September 22nd

Loki will be installed on a Sunday morning starting at 6am and completing before 12:00 noon. Two weeks later, ElasticSearch and Kibana will be removed, then Loki updated. The second phase will run 6am to 9am.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No impact to apps hosted on the cluster expected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required. Loki logs will be available in the web console after the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
