Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0067145 - CITZ - SILVER MCS - 2025 Q1 - Drain VM nodes to support VMWare ESXi host maintenance
CHG0067147 - CITZ - EMERALD MCS - 2025 Q1 - Drain VM nodes to support VMWare ESXi host maintenance

To align with quarterly VMWare maintenance including ESXi hosts where Openshift production VMs reside, the Platform Operations team will support this by performing node VM drains in SILVER for the following worker VMs:

mcs-silver-app-57.dmz
mcs-silver-app-58.dmz
mcs-silver-app-59.dmz
mcs-silver-app-60.dmz
mcs-silver-app-61.dmz
mcs-silver-app-62.dmz
mcs-silver-app-63.dmz
mcs-silver-app-64.dmz
mcs-silver-app-65.dmz

For EMERALD, all VMs will be drained since none of the nodes in EMERALD are physical.

In alignment with best practices, no VM node drains will take place outside of business hours (9am - 5pm Pacific Standard) daily.

**When?**

For SILVER (CHG0067145) this work will start after 9am on Monday March 3rd.
For EMERALD (CHG0067147) this work will start after 9am on Monday March 10th.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

Individual workloads on nodes will be affected as part of node drains, but applications configured with High Availablity in mind should not be affected.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
