Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0074810 - CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Replace end of life NetApp
CHG0075237 - CITZ MCS GOLD - Replace end of life NetApp

The NetApp Storage appliances that back the PVC volumes used by pods will be replaced with new hardware.

**When?**

Gold DR: Starting at Saturday, January 31st at 9:00 AM and finishing before Sunday at 05:00pm

Gold: Starting at Saturday, February 7th at 9:00 AM and finishing before Sunday at 05:00pm

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

No, no downtime is expected at the time, for questions post in #devops-operations

The data will be migrated from the old cluster to the new cluster behind the scenes. The NFS IP will get moved between the clusters the same way it does during normal NetApp maintenance. iSCSI will have new paths added and old ones removed while maintaining redundant paths.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action required.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
