Hi @all, your attention is needed! 

**What is happening?**

CHG0075664 - CITZ MCS GOLD - Replace Master servers

Replace the control plane servers that host the API and ETCD one at a time with new hardware.

**When?**

Starting at Sunday, Feb 1st 2026 at 6:00 AM and finishing before 12:00 PM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The API may be slow or unavailable for short periods as it is failed over between old and new nodes.

This should not impact running pods, but may impact things like Patroni that rely on the API.

Lessons were learned during the Silver master node replacement and the methodology has been changed to make the process more robust. We will be scaling up to 4 nodes before scaling back down to 3. Instead of the previous method that scaled down to 2 and back up to 3.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Monitor your apps that rely on the API during the change.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
