Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0076144 - CITZ MCS SILVER/EMERALD - Replace end of life NetApp

Re-scheduled from February 22nd due to supporting hardware issues, now resolved.

The NetApp Storage appliances that back the PVC volumes used by pods in both SILVER and EMERALD will be replaced with new hardware. This will be followed up with node drains during the following week.

**When?**

The storage migration starts on Saturday, March 7th at 8:00 AM and finishing before Sunday at 08:00 PM.

Node drains for infra will start after Storage migration is complete on Sunday March 8th at 9:00 AM and worker node drains starting on Monday March 9th at 9:00 AM until 5:00 PM daily and finish before Friday March 13th 5:00 PM.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

For the storage migration no downtime is expected at the time, for questions post in #devops-operations. Node drains will affect individual workloads.

The data will be migrated from the old cluster to the new cluster behind the scenes. The NFS IP will get moved between the clusters the same way it does during normal NetApp maintenance. iSCSI will have new paths added and old ones removed while maintaining redundant paths.

**Do I need to do anything?**

No action is required during the storage migration. Monitor your applications during the phase involving node drains.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
