Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0076031 STMS Kamloops Data Centre Removal of Extension switch from MCS Load balancer

The Extension switch connecting the Kamloops MCS Load balancer to the Core switches will be bypassed.

More details at the [TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin.do?sys_id=e51bc58bfb3b369492f6fa686eefdc00)

**When?**

Starting at Sunday, May 3 at 4:00 AM and finishing before 8:00 AM

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

There will be an outage of up to 30 minutes to all OpenShift traffic in STMS Kamloops Data Centre.

The Silver and Gold OpenShift clusters in the Kamloops will be impacted during the outage. Should a rollback be necessary, there will be a second outage of up to 30 minutes during the change window.

**Do I need to do anything?**

Clients are encouraged to test services and validate that applications are functioning before the change window and after the activity has completed.

A testing conference call will be open at 04:30 on Sunday, May 3, 2026 and client testing is expected to be available starting at 05:00. Call details are in the [TIB](https://ociomysc.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=u_kb_template_technical_information_bulletin.do?sys_id=e51bc58bfb3b369492f6fa686eefdc00)

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
