Hi @all, your attention is needed!

**What is happening?**

CHG0076997 CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Migrate to OVN Container Network Interface
CHG0076998 CITZ MCS GOLD - Migrate to OVN Container Network Interface
CHG0076999 CITZ MCS SILVER - Migrate to OVN Container Network Interface

The current Container Network Interface (CNI) called OpenShift SDN is deprecated and not available in the next version of OpenShift. We need to move to OVNKubernetes CNI to unlock the upgrade path to OpenShift 4.18.

We are going in reverse order to ensure we've worked out any kinks before getting to Silver.

**When?**

Gold DR - Starting Tue April 7th at 9am and finishing before Fri April 10th at 5pm
Gold - Starting Mon April 13th at 9am and finishing before Fri April 17th at 5pm
Silver - Starting Mon April 20th at 9am and finishing before Fri May 1st at 5pm

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

The upgrade requires a rolling restart of all nodes in the cluster **twice**. API nodes and Infra nodes are highly available and will fail over services as needed.

As the node drains are managed by OpenShift operator automation, Platform Ops has no way to control the speed of drains.

We may continue to see slow or delayed storage operations like mounting PVCs to pods. Pods drained from one node onto another node may see up to 45 min delay until it starts. The best solution is to have multiple replicas so that a single pod failing to start does not cause application downtime.

As a reminder, "Platform availability for the hosting tier is 90% for single-node application deployments". It is strongly encouraged to have multiple replicas of critical pods for your applications.

https://digital.gov.bc.ca/technology/cloud/private/products-tools/hosting-tiers/

**Do I need to do anything?**

No actions are required to prepare for the change. As usual, monitor your applications and let us know if you have any networking issues.

**Check the #devops-alert channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.**

**Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?**

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in RocketChat as per these [RocketChat Channel Use Guidelines](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/rocketchat/rocketchat-channel-descriptions/).
