Hi @channel, your attention is needed!

## What is happening?

CHG0080159 - CITZ MCS SILVER - Apply updates and perform maintenance

CHG0080162 - CITZ MCS GOLD - Apply updates and perform maintenance

CHG0080163 - CITZ MCS GOLDDR - Apply updates and perform maintenance

CHG0080164 - CITZ MCS EMERALD - Apply updates and perform maintenance

We will update some software, firmware, and cluster settings and perform a rolling restart of all nodes in the cluster.

We will apply the latest firmware on the physical servers.

We will upgrade Trident to v26.06.0 and enable concurrency. This has shown great speed improvements to PVC mount/unmount operations in the LABs.

Switch to CGroups v2 to unblock future OpenShift upgrades in Emerald only.

Switch the container runtime from `runc` to `crun`, as it is the default for OpenShift now.

## When?

Silver - Aug 4th to Aug 14th

Gold - Aug 17th to Aug 21st

Gold DR - Aug 24th to Aug 28th

Emerald - Aug 24th to Aug 28th

Trident will be upgraded at 6am on the first day of the change.

At 9am on the first day of the change we will begin restarting the master nodes first, then the infra nodes, and start on the worker nodes last.

Node reboots will continue until 5pm each day, and resume at 9am the next day. Silver will pause over the weekend.

## Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?

As nodes are rebooted pods will be rescheduled to another node. We expect the past issues with Trident taking a long time to start up pods will be solved, but will continue to use slow manual node drains and monitoring of Trident health.

## Do I need to do anything?

Monitor your apps health.

*Check the MS Teams Openshift-alerts channel for the announcement of when the change is complete and check the health of your app.*

## Where do I get help if my app doesn't work after the change is complete?

Each Platform application has an assigned DevOps Specialist within the Ministry so contact them first. If you don't know who your assigned DevOps Specialist, check with the app's Product Owner.

The DevOps Specialist will troubleshoot the issue with the app and if they need help, they will reach out to the Platform Services Team and the Developer Community in MS Teams.
